i often wonder if it might be x.
i always think x would be nice.
it always seems like it is there.
i honestly feel like there is too much.
i think that yamada is the type everybody likes.
someone thought that 〜
x seems like it's really tough.
i think x is just a matter of time.
i think that x will become an issue in the future.
i think this was made around the momoyama period.
i think this movie is from the early showa period.
who thinks they're going to win?
i wonder about x.
i don't think he was able do it.
i don't want to be better than him.
i don't think that's an exaggeration.
i think x is more convincing.
if i spend fifty hours, i feel like i wasted my time.
the expressway might be the long way.
it felt empty.
he doesn't really care about x.
he's going to talk about that night.
he works at a company.
that's aiming for x.
i did x myself.
he's making that a criterion.
it makes a noise when it turns.
i got a look like that on my face.
he set a within-the-year deadline for the proposed plans.
i'm just looking out for number one.
i think 2000 is good.
a lot of people are active.
he shares living expenses with me.
30.2% of people take salesperson opinion into account.
it sounds like something fell.
a lot of people helped out.
the family is getting ready for the birthday.
people suffering from dementia are living together.
everyone's heard that once.
sorting will be done by hand.
we'll do it mainly as follows.
there should be a definite term remaining on the passport.
someone said something like that.
the sixth graders practiced singing.
it will be half of the amount.
he's got a ticket to the track and field world championships.
he started talking.
my wife goes shopping.
you shortened the moving time to 1 second.
x will be evaluated.
nine people were injured.
the junior high 8th graders went to observe workplaces.
children studied english.
mr. yamada asks mr. sato.
he saw x for the first time.
he is creating a nuisance.
i have a feeling that he will be busy.
the 3rd graders made diplomas.
the clerk explained the product to the customer.
x works as a preventive factor against cancer.
see appendix.
x was supposed to be above everything else.
the total budget is 2.84 million yen.
he devastated the enemy.
no human shapes remained.
our staff can help you create it.
our purpose is improving the development of clinical approaches and the standards of medical practice.
our purpose is improvement and training.
each one exercised their ingenuity.
committee members conducted a greeting exercise.
everyone experiences it.
he aims at x.
he put it this way.
the representative of the children expressed words of thanks for their parents and grandparents.
hanako and i replied.
i overdo it.
he selected x as a theme.
the kids play games.
i called quite a few companies to ask for that.
my mother had an operation.
sign up for the point site.
he introduced the product.
it will be examined by a qualified diamond appraiser.
i'll have bread tomorrow.
two of them have a conversation.
he made an obscene remark.
many people acted together.
it was professionally hung and cut.
i smelled winter in the air.
he's taking care of the after-events.
we will make your thoughts a reality.
i assure that you can make money.
he performs well.
i am in love with my sister.
two people travel together.
he will confirm the content.
i will take a loss.
i made a funny face.
it is targeted at those who secretly enjoy dressing in drag.
those who have interests in africa exchange information and ideas with each other.